what's up welcome back to my channel the
smolitics channel so today I'm taking
you through my closet and all of the
Lululemon clothing I own we're gonna
talk about how it fits a shorter body
type or petite body type I am 5 foot 1
about 117 pounds right now just to give
you a reference so we're gonna look at
the aligns we're gonna look at the
wonder unders we're gonna look at
different materials tops all the goodies
and I'll let you know if I think it's a
good brand for short women all right so
let's jump into it so I'm gonna start
with the most popular ones that everyone
already knows about because I feel like
they're the most wanted from Lululemon
and they're also my favorite but I do
have to say they're not for every
activity so what I'm talking about are
the Lululemon aligns so these are their
softest material it's so soft it's like
crazy how fluffy it's like wearing a
cloud they fit your ankle length really
really well as a petite girl and I
usually get the aligns not the cropped
just I think it's the aligns to but I'm
gonna double check on that they have a
line one two and then they have a crop
I'm pretty sure they line two are the
ones that are a few inches shorter
they're meant to be sort of ankle length
rather than all the way down to your
below the kind of ankle part like the
bump on your ankle if you know I was
talking about so these ones are great
they're super comfortable in terms of
fitting the petite body I think they fit
really really well they just feel so
good but I honestly I only train clients
in them
I don't workout in them because they
don't last a long time and my thighs rub
together because you're oh god muscle
and they will pill like I'll show you
these are my oldest Alliance I have them
in a few different colors and they will
pill these are inside notes
I'm gonna reverse them let's take a look
yeah oh this is like almost embarrassing
that I haven't thrown these out yet yeah
so you can kind of see like there's some
filling going on yeah there we go
it's gross it's gross so I would not
recommend these for someone who's trying
to do high-intensity work but for yoga
for walking around for airport chic
these are amazing if your personal
trainer these are great for training
clients so I have them in this purple
color have them in green I have them in
this pink which I tend to not wear that
much just because it's so flashing and
bright and I'm not always trying to
attract that much attention I also have
them in this really fun camo which
Lululemon just released a new camo so
you can check out their new camel color
I think it has a little bit more green
in it but yeah I love the camo I think
it's really cute so I also have a
cropped version in the Alliance but I
don't really like them that much I think
that truly cropped pants on petite women
kind of cut our legs short and they're
already short so we don't really need
more of that you know what I'm saying
so I kind of stopped buying the cropped
style and I just go for that right above
my ankle cutoff I just think that looks
more flattering for me at least okay
next up these are kind of their
performance wear at least to me from
Lululemon these are their wonder unders
this material is a lot more sweat
wicking it's not going to show sweat
lines if you're going ham in the gym
it's going to cover you it's very
stretchy I find that this is the best
for if I'm doing weightlifting or
running or hit workout something higher
intensity where you know you're gonna be
sweating and need to move a lot and
these come in high-waisted all the
clothes actually all of these are
high-waisted variations and the
wunderlanders also last longer I think
they're made of Lux dream material and
for me they don't pill and they last
longer through the wash and everything
they're just more bang for your buck the
only thing I have noticed with these
they tend to the waistband tends to
stretch out over time and then it ends
up being like you'll see when I do the
video there's just more space around my
waist like they don't hug my waist like
they used to and they kind of fall down
if I'm doing some jumping or
high-intensity but that's after I've
worn them for like a very long time so I
have them in a black I have them in this
kind of ombre maroon which are way too
long on me and that's because these were
a 28 inch these are 25 inch they'll
always go for the 25 inch that will help
a lot and I've also have them do I have
another pair no that's it that's what I
have from the one rounders highly
recommend okay getting into a super
special favorite the wonder under and
the align they kind of combined those
two to make the in movement tight and
these are really nice because they have
these a lot well first of all they have
these lines on the booty that make your
button look good and no one ever
complained about that right and yeah the
lines of the stitching is super
flattering and these also they're kind
of a combination of the two materials so
you're kind of getting that light cloud
feeling in a pant that almost almost
naked feel along with a more high
performance material so I only want one
of these right now but when I go to buy
more this is the one I'm gonna choose
because I think it's I think it's the
most versatile a lot of those those
three are those two ok so they also make
a very thick material it might be the
luan material it's kind of very fabric
II and thick it's great for winter it
also sucks everything in like it's like
it's like crazy
it just takes all of your muscle and
legs and whatever and it just kind of
puts it in a pant and I mean in a way
that other pants cannot I'm telling you
so I like these just because they
I just feel so snug in them and I feel
like nothing's gonna be like jiggling
everywhere muscle whatever fat whatever
is happening during the workout
it's natural guys get used to it so I
like these because they really just keep
you all in one place and they feel
really comfortable and I just think they
fit really well and they're a good
winter pant here's a little hack
Lululemon does not announce their sales
ever so you kind of have to just go in
this door and be getting lucky as to
when there might be more clothing on the
sale rack than other times but here's a
hack for you one of the store managers
told me that their sales usually begin
on a Friday so if you can get there in
the morning on Fridays that's a good
time to shop and see if they have
anything on the racks to get sale from
because as you guys know as little as
you guys know Lululemon is not cheap so
yeah try to see if you can hit up that
sale rack and get some good deals
moving on to tops I don't buy tops from
Lululemon a lot because they're never
really cropped but there are some that I
end up tying and I think look really
really cute so once in a blue moon and
this is like gross now because I've worn
it a lot and I don't wear it that much
anymore but once it in blue moon they do
make a cropped shirt and I think that
cropped along with a high-waisted pant
looks really really good on petite women
but in any case they also make really
cute tops I'll link all of these below
so that you know the name and you know
how to find them this one this is a good
example of one that can be tied up
really well so this one I just you put
it on you could tie in like a cute
little front knot you can tie it on the
side of the back I just prefer the front
because I think it just looks better in
terms of my proportions the way that I
tie this I sort of tuck it up in the
back like fold it under and then in the
front I kind of bunch it all together
and I just tie a simple knot
that's it I think it's a good crop to
look so they make a regular tank like a
scoop-neck tank that I just showed you
and then they have these ones which are
really cute this is so wrinkly because
it's been in my drawer let's see okay
yes so you can see the back is split
open so you actually tie it in the back
and a knot so what the store the ladies
in the store they always hook me up and
they taught me how to basically fold you
fold the shirt under and then tie in the
back so you can create a cropped look
from a long flowy shirt and it ends up
looking really cute and fitted so I'll
show you how to do that this one it's a
little more complicated I don't like
wearing flirt flowy flurry flowing
shirts out like this cuz it just hides
that I have a smaller waist so I grab it
here and I fold it under to kind of make
a nice crop and then this one's hard to
do not in front of the mirror but I'll
do my best in the back I just tie it in
a double knot or I bow it or something
and then it's sort of like a nice crop
and I have no idea if I just got the
folding right but if you do it in front
of a mirror you can get the fold right
so that it looks more natural I also
have that top that I just showed you in
black and as far as their hoodies and
sweatshirts go I do like a lot of their
their upper body like tight long sleeve
clothing I think it really sculpts the
body and helps show your curves and just
show that even though you're petite and
you have curves that you can you still
have a shape so this is the defined
jacket it's a zip of no hood
zips up in the front very tight and it
has cute little thumb holes for you
thumbs so I appreciate that on a cold
day in New York and they also make
sometimes they make tops that are
cropped as well this was a cropped one
that came along it's made out of the
same material as the aline pant which is
great except i sweat out of my armpits
because I'm human and it'll leave a big
old mark on these so I have to wear it
with like something underneath like more
than a sports bra which kind of is
annoying so if you're buying like when
you're in Lululemon just make sure you
take a look at the materials and focus
on the materials fitting the activity
you want to do because not all the
materials are going to be appropriate
for what you're using them for but in
terms of petite fit also the sleeves on
a lot of their tops if you get a long
sleeve tend to be way too long and some
of them look okay rolled up some of them
don't so definitely try it on and get a
feel for the arm length
you guys will probably notice there's no
sports bras in this review because I
actually don't fit in to Lululemon
sports bras very well I always find that
it just cuts my lats really really
deeply and if I sides up then it's too
big for my boobs so it doesn't fit my
proportions but if you have smaller lats
and finger boobs it might work for you
alright you guys thank you so much for
watching I hope this was helpful to my
fellow short-girl gang if it was let me
know in the comments section and please
if you like this content give it a
thumbs up and subscribe for more I also
post a lot of workouts that are tailored
to petite women as well as nutrition
advice and I talked about the petite
metabolism and all this stuff so if you
want more daily content head over to my
instagram at small etics
alright you guys have a lovely day and
I'll see you soon
bye
[Music]